hey fun fact that buildings actually
called rainier tower thanks pokemon gold
for having that tags to stop yeah we
found out i looked it up
I forgot to update in the interim there
everything that happened which is to say
not much we went to some shops it's 3:45
now and Kathleen and I are doing our
last shift at the booth so as most of
the day honestly after this is mostly
just packing the booth up not a lot
happening in packs for us today we took
it easy in the morning we went at
breakfast we went shopping and now we're
here this has been now your your up to
speed now it's really exciting actually
surprise I have one more question
this before the show floor closes which
is that someone came by the booth with a
pin that I really need to get for Alex
so I'm gonna go do that I just gotta
find it luckily it's on the sixth floor
expo hall which is smaller so should be
able to find the sanshi booth pretty
easily in fact I think I already see it
[Music]
so yeah you can see why that was when I
was important
hey Jacob vlogging
what no I'm just blogging look it's
Jacob
hi everybody how you doing you're
looking good today it's true yeah okay
all right we're gonna go break down our
booths now I'm gonna go break down and
then and then take a part of the food
yeah right sorry I got my order of
operations yeah first break down then
the booths fall apart
yep yeah good
it is 6:06 and now everything comes down
let's see how quickly we can do it and
with that and the help of a bunch of our
friends and many of the wonderful
enforcers that help make packs able to
exist everything's done do it is all
packed up
show's over with and now we're gonna
take all this malarkey back to the room
and then get some get some dinner yeah
so I think as far as this vlog is
concerned that concludes our broadcast
day thank you for joining me and we'll
see you at beer fest
good night good night
[Music]